today I'm going to show you how to make
pork fried rice now this is my way of
making it but it turns out really good i
will show you step by step on how to
make this dinner it is simple it's easy
and it's going to be so delicious so i
hope you guys watch this video and also
make the dinner
first to start out with put your rice
and your rice cooker and let it cook now
with your pork cutter lengthwise and
then two little tiny cubes like so now
after you're done cutting your pork put
them in a pan with a little olive oil
and let it cook I'm now I put a little
olive oil in a big pot of them add our
onions do it let's turn this little cook
a little bit now when the onions are
kind of brown turn the heat down to low
add your green peppers then add the
carrot and the mushrooms
now I move the vegetables to the side
added a little olive oil and put in my
eggs and we're just going to cook these
here scramble the eggs now that the eggs
are cooked and scrambled just want to
mix it all in with the vegetables and
then turn it off now my rice is done I'm
just going to open the lid and let it
cool down a little bit now we're just
going to focus on our pork and let it
cook until it's done the pork is done as
you can see we got a ton of brown now
put the pork enter with all the rest of
this stuff like so and I just put in a
little bit more olive oil now add the
rice and also now I turn back the fire
on to medium heat and we're just going
to stir all this together all this now
you want to let that cook and you want
to stir it a couple times now I've been
letting me cook for about five minutes
I'm going to add in my salt
my garlic powder and my lemon pepper
my brown sugar
and then the soy sauce
and stir it all together now stir it and
let it cook I've let it cook for about
another 10 minutes and um it's done I
cut them up and sprinkle it on top and
then you're done so I hope you guys
liked the tutorial and the recipe and I
do hope you guys try this out and let me
know how you guys enjoy this dinner and
please subscribe did luck